"The great master of Chiang Runbudin, he used examples, such as the unpleasant sound of the pox,
the pox's sound, as well as the crow's sound."
"That's what he said, so he's always following, according to the villages of our areas, or in Tibet
."
So they must talk in villages, talk about the pox world, the pox, the sound of the pox, and as well
as the government.
When the government is talking about the pox world, the government is talking about the pox world.
The government is talking about the pox world.
And because in our area, the usually when the pox are talking about the pox world,
in the night time or in the certain evenings or like that, pox make sound.
And villages, when they hear this, oh, this pox make noise.
Almost they check that as bad omens.
I mean, it's just their sound, so they're not really happy.
So therefore, he's just following that instruction, such as the unpleasant sound of pox.
So they cut that, ah, ah, ah.
And then in our villages areas, also they use the crows.
So they don't like, the crows always say what this is, ah, ah, ah.
And then into the way, the ah means what, what, what.
So the crows are talking all the time, what, what, what.
And then what we were in this country, songs, such as maybe I heard or we heard many times,
the garbage truck sound, don't like, the garbage truck is making such a bad noise all the time.
So maybe the garbage trucks, trucks, garbage, those songs.
And then maybe also in this country, the cuckoo sound maybe is not good, because it's cuckoo.
Because it's never heard cuckoo sound here, but even in the east, cuckoo sound is very happy with
the cuckoo sound
and that is called the sign of the spring is coming and then even the sun.
Cuckoo sound hurts and at that moment, all the animals become their life force come back.
They use it because it is in high altitude and winter is long and then, and so it's all frozen.
But cuckoo comes in springtime and that really shows now spring is coming soon, there's more grass
and all that will come.
So animal won't die and always, the village you say, oh, that really makes a stronger moment.
You heard the cuckoo sound, that moment, life force of the animal, domestic animal, is stronger.
They say that sound.
In the Tibet, they say the cuckoo sound.
The cuckoo sound is called cuckoo.
And then in the Sanskrit, it's called cuckoo.
And then in another synonym of the cuckoo is in the literature already said,
"messengers of the spring queens".
Or "messengers of the spring queens" or "cuckoo herself is a queen of spring".
We're going to say cuckoo, cuckoo, cuckoo, cuckoo.
And in the sound of a cuckoo, we say this is the one that you can hear, cuckoo, cuckoo, cuckoo.
We heard the cuckoo sound in Russia.
Russia, definitely.
So it must be in Europe too, all the Europe's.
Yet somehow it didn't close the Atlantic Ocean to here. We never heard a cuckoo sound here.
But Russia, definitely, is good.
And then the very worst and unpleasant sound is then here.
A very unpleasant word is then kind of criticized to you, such as "dummy", "stupid" or "ugly".
And you, a bad person, I mean, any of those are then very unpleasant.
And then what it brings, brings when we heard this noise or the sound,
it brings immediately the conception of the thought of rejection.
The conception of rejection thought, when it comes to rejection, comes.
Instead of following up with that conception thought, immediately look to that conception,
that rejection conception, like to be rejected, or unacceptable conception.
And not giving up or holding that, nothing. Just immediately look to that point.